Feature/#169 integration of keyrock identity manager component for authentication (#42)
BrunoSilvaATB/coatrack: README.md

- a Linux shell - Windows users can use the Windows-Powershell or the Git Bash shell instead, WSL is not supported
- OpenJDK 11
- Maven 3.6.3 or higher

> - - By default, CoatRack will use GitHub as the identity manager;

Author: Done

> Open a terminal, go into the `coatrack` directory and build all components using one of the commands below:

Author: Done

> Open a terminal, go into the `coatrack` directory and build all components using  using the following command:

Author: Done

Run the Web Application component (admin):

```

> java -jar java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=github spring-boot/admin/target/coatrack-admin-*.jar

Author: Yes, that is a typo

- Maven 3.6.3 or higher
- docker 20.10.12 or higher
- docker-compose 1.29.2 or higher

> - By default, CoatRack will use GitHub as the identity manager;

Author: Done

> - By default, CoatRack will use GitHub as the identity manager;

Author: I think that no pre requisites need to be defined in this section, as they were either way already defined on the sections about how to deploy CoatRack via CLI and via Docker

With your terminal go into the `coatrack/docker` directory where you will find the script `build-and-deploy-images-locally.sh` which builds CoatRack from source, creates container images on your local machine and runs CoatRack locally using these images. This is especially useful for developers who did changes to the source code and want to locally test the impact of these changes in a realistic setup.

## Use FIWARE Keyrock for Identity Management instead of Github

> By default, CoatRack uses Github for identity management and login. As an alternative, you can setup CoatRack to use KeyRock IdM, which is the FIWARE enabler for Identity Management. In this case you have to setup KeyRock first and then setup CoatRack.

Author: What do you mean?

> By default, CoatRack uses Github for identity management and login. As an alternative, you can setup CoatRack to use KeyRock IdM, which is the FIWARE enabler for Identity Management. In this case you have to setup KeyRock first and then setup CoatRack.

Reviewer: Ah sry, I meant snippet "By default, CoatRack uses Github for identity management". I remember you used it in the prerequisites above but here is the better place.

> By default, CoatRack uses Github for identity management and login. As an alternative, you can setup CoatRack to use KeyRock IdM, which is the FIWARE enabler for Identity Management. In this case you have to setup KeyRock first and then setup CoatRack.

Author: Done, so I replaced all "setup" by "set up" as I meant the verb in the sentence

Moreover, the example shown below will consider that you deployed CoatRack in localhost:8080, and that Keyrock was deployed via Docker with the version 7.8.1 (fiware/idm:7.8.1).

Based on this, in order to make CoatRack work with the FIWARE Keyrock, you will need to:

> - First, pull and deploy the containers of keyrock via docker (as the Keyrock itself needs to be running in your local machine). To do this, just follow

Reviewer: Another point is that we have already experienced that the documentation can be outdated and no longer works. Therefore, it may be better to create the setup steps on our own.

> - First, pull and deploy the containers of keyrock via docker (as the Keyrock itself needs to be running in your local machine). To do this, just follow

Author: First of all, thanks for the feedback.
Regarding your questions:
- Yes, because for now we are just using the KeyRock GUI,
- Yes, these can be automated, but I think this can be done in a follow-up issue, and as a extra suggestion to the "reader".

> - First, pull and deploy the containers of keyrock via docker (as the Keyrock itself needs to be running in your local machine). To do this, just follow

Author: - Moreover, please remember that some parameters need to be defined by the user

> - First, pull and deploy the containers of keyrock via docker (as the Keyrock itself needs to be running in your local machine). To do this, just follow

Author: . The bash scripts will be done in a follow-up issue

> the tutorial in https://fiware-idm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/index.html;

Author: Well spotted and done

> - Please check that Keyrock is running correctly in your local machine;

Author: Yes, it is by checking that the GUI is available. Therefore, I added it now to the README

> - Please check that Keyrock is running correctly in your local machine;

Author: I agree. So I replaced all the ";" for colons.

> - If everything is running well, then we need to start by register CoatRack as application in Keyrock, to do this:

Author: Done and Done

> - If everything is running well, then we need to start by register CoatRack as application in Keyrock, to do this:

Author: I applied these suggestions in the text now.

>   - Login or Create a user account (you can use the admin@test.com, which is the default admin account);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Create a new user account or log in with the account `admin@test.com`, which is created as the administrator account by default.
```

Author: I applied now this suggestion, so consider this done

>   - Login or Create a user account (you can use the admin@test.com, which is the default admin account);

Author: From the environment variable `IDM_ADMIN_PASS` that is defined in the docker compose file for Keyrock.
I added that explanation

>   - Login or Create a user account (you can use the admin@test.com, which is the default admin account);

Author: Done

>   - Login or Create a user account (you can use the admin@test.com, which is the default admin account);

Author: I applied your suggestion of a thread, which changed this line, so now it is gramatically correct

>   - Login or Create a user account (you can use the admin@test.com, which is the default admin account);

Author: I removed this as it is very specific (The IDM_PASS and other parts of the text mentioning specific envionment variables from the Keyrock setup), if the user reads the getting started then they will know where to get the password for the default admin account. Moreover, these values can change, so it is better that the reader/users check that in the Keyrock documentation

>   ![KeyRock User Login](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockLandingPage.png)

Author: Thanks. Eventhough, we need to be carefull, because in the future the Keyrock GUI might change

  - After login, go to the application and click in the register button;
  ![KeyRock register application](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockRegisterApplication.png)
  - In the register form, fill up all the fields, but please fill up the callback url with `http:localhost:8080/login/aouth2/code/keyrock`  as seen in the figure below (these will be important as this values will later be in the configuration file in CoatRack);
  ![KeyRock application form](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockApplicationFormFilled.png)

>   - With your application already created (Attention: only the Callback URL needs to be the same, so for example you can define the application name as you wish), the next step will be to add the credentials that are required for CoatRack to access Keyrock to the CoatRack config (please use the application-keyrock.yml for this matter).

Author: I applied your suggestion, and decided to use both, so separate sentences and subordinate clauses.
Thank you for this feedback

  In order to do this configuration, you will need the Oauth2 credentials, so go to the previously created application and click in OAuth2 Credentials, and you should see a ClientId and ClientSecret as shown in the screenshot;
  ![KeyRock Oauth2 Credentials](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockOauth2Credentials.png)
  - After the Oauth2 credentials were obtained, please copy them and replace in the application-keyrock.yml, as marked in the figure below;
  ![KeyRock Oauth2 Credentials](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockConfig.png)
 

> - After all of this (creating the application in KeyRock and added its config to CoatRack), you can now build and run CoatRack, this could be done in 2 ways:

Author: Done, I decided to use Finally

> - After all of this (creating the application in KeyRock and added its config to CoatRack), you can now build and run CoatRack, this could be done in 2 ways:

Author: Done

  - Via the CLI, so after building the jar file for coatrack admin, just run the command `java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=keyrock spring-boot/admin/target/coatrack-admin-*.jar`

>   - Via Docker, by the going into `coatrack/docker/docker-compose-deployment`, and change the line that contains `--spring.profiles.active=github` inside of the coatrack-admin container config to `--spring.profiles.active=keyrock` as shown in the screenshot below;

Reviewer: I think you forgot to mention the `docker-compose.yml` in the path.

>   - Via Docker, by the going into `coatrack/docker/docker-compose-deployment`, and change the line that contains `--spring.profiles.active=github` inside of the coatrack-admin container config to `--spring.profiles.active=keyrock` as shown in the screenshot below;

Author: Done

- Maven 3.6.3 or higher
- docker 20.10.12 or higher
- docker-compose 1.29.2 or higher
- By default, CoatRack will use GitHub as the identity manager;

With your terminal go into the `coatrack/docker` directory where you will find the script `build-and-deploy-images-locally.sh` which builds CoatRack from source, creates container images on your local machine and runs CoatRack locally using these images. This is especially useful for developers who did changes to the source code and want to locally test the impact of these changes in a realistic setup.

## Deploy CoatRack with FIWARE Keyrock
The following prerequisites are required:

> - OpenJDK 11

Author: Yes, you are right.
Based on this, I removed the prerequisites of this section.

- Maven 3.6.3 or higher
- docker 20.10.12 or higher
- docker-compose 1.29.2 or higher

FIWARE KeyRock is a component that can handle Identity Management, and it is fully optional to use it with CoatRack. By default, Github is used.

Based on this, in order to make CoatRack work with the FIWARE Keyrock, you will need to:

> - First, push and deploy the containers of keyrock via docker (as the Keyrock itself needs to be running in your local machine). To do this, just follow

Author: Done, so I added the version and an explanation that we also deployed CoatRack in localhost:8080

the tutorial in https://fiware-idm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/index.html;

> - Please check that Keyrock is running correctly in your local machine (to do this, please access localhost:3000 which is the default);

Author: Done

> - If everything is running well, then we need to start by creating an application in Keyrock, to do this:

Author: Done

  - Login or Create a user account (you can use the admin@test.com, which is the default admin account);
  ![KeyRock User Login](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockLandingPage.png)
  - After login, go to the application and click in the register button;
  ![KeyRock register application](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockRegisterApplication.png)

>   - In the register form, fill up all the fields, but please fill up the url and callback url as seen in the figure below (these will be important as this values will later be in the configuration file in CoatRack);

Author: Very good comment, and a lesson learned for me for the future when writing this kind of documentation.
I applied now your suggestion

  ![KeyRock application form](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockApplicationFormFilled.png)

>   - With your application already created (Attention: only the URL and Callback URL need to be the same, so for example you can give the applcation name as you wish), the next step will be to add this application to the CoatRack config file (please use the application-keyrock.yml).

Author: Yes, the wording was a bit misleading. Based on this, I changed the text.
This is done

  In order to do this configuration, you will need the Oauth2 credentials, so go to the previously created application and click in OAuth2 Credentials, and you should see a ClientId and ClientSecret as shown in the screenshot;
  ![KeyRock Oauth2 Credentials](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockOauth2Credentials.png)
  - After the Oauth2 credentials were obtained, please copy them and replace in the application-keyrock.yml, as marked in the figure below;
  ![KeyRock Oauth2 Credentials](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockConfig.png)
 
- After all of this (creating the application in KeyRock and added its config to CoatRack), you can now build and run CoatRack, this could be done in 2 ways:

>   - Via the CLI, by replacing the `-Dspring-boot.run.profiles=github`, with the `-Dspring-boot.run.profiles=keyrock`; 

Reviewer 2: Here it would be easier for the reader to put the full command, otherwise they have to search in other parts of the README for the command they need to adjust.

## Use FIWARE Keyrock for Identity Management instead of Github
By default, CoatRack uses Github for identity management and login. As an alternative, you can set up CoatRack to use KeyRock IdM, which is the FIWARE enabler for Identity Management. In this case you have to set up KeyRock first and then set up CoatRack.
Moreover, the example shown below will consider that you deployed CoatRack in `localhost:8080`, and that Keyrock was deployed via Docker with the version 7.8.1 (fiware/idm:7.8.1).

Based on this, in order to make CoatRack work with the FIWARE Keyrock, you will need to:

- First, pull and deploy the containers of keyrock via docker (as the Keyrock itself needs to be running in your local machine). To do this, just follow
the tutorial in https://fiware-idm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/index.html
- Please check that Keyrock is running correctly in your local machine by checking if you can access the Keyrock GUI,
- If everything is running well, then we need to start by register CoatRack as application in Keyrock, to do this:

>   - Login or Create a user account. By default, you can use the admin@test.com, the credentials are in the environment variables: `IDM_ADMIN_EMAIL`, `IDM_ADMIN_USER` and `IDM_ADMIN_PASS`,

Author: The concrete environment variables were removed when I was re-checking the suggestions from Christoph. Based on this, this suggestions is outdated and solved

  ![KeyRock User Login](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockLandingPage.png)
  - After login, go to the application and click in the register button,
  ![KeyRock register application](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockRegisterApplication.png)
  - Fill in all the fields in the registration form. The Callback URL must be `http:localhost:8080/login/aouth2/code/keyrock` as shown in the figure below. This is important because these values will be in the CoatRack configuration file later,
  ![KeyRock application form](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockApplicationFormFilled.png)

>   - With your application already created (Attention: only the Callback URL needs to be the same, so for example you can define the application name as you wish), the next step will be to add the credentials that are required for CoatRack to access Keyrock to the CoatRack config in the `application-keyrock.yml`.

Author: I decided to remove, as I already specified the callback url (as this is the only requirement), all the rest is free for the user to choose

  In order to do this configuration, you will need the Oauth2 credentials, so go to the previously created application and click in OAuth2 Credentials, and you should see a ClientId and ClientSecret as shown in the screenshot,
  ![KeyRock Oauth2 Credentials](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockOauth2Credentials.png)
  - After the Oauth2 credentials were obtained, please copy them and replace in the application-keyrock.yml, as marked in the figure below,
  ![KeyRock Oauth2 Credentials](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockConfig.png)
 
- After all of this (creating the application in KeyRock and added its config to CoatRack), you can now build and run CoatRack, this could be done in 2 ways:
  - Via the CLI, so after building the jar file for coatrack admin, just run the command ```java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=keyrock spring-boot/admin/target/coatrack-admin-*.jar```,

>   - Via Docker, by going into `coatrack/docker/docker-compose-deployment/docker-compose.yml`, and change the line that contains ```--spring.profiles.active=github``` to ```--spring.profiles.active=keyrock``` as shown in the screenshot below,

Author: So, I checked regarding overriding a parameter, and this would make it the script much more complex, as we are using inside of the shell script to run coatrack with docker, the docker-compose command which doesn't work with any spring profile, so we would need to create a code to go to the docker compose file and replace the value for the input of the user.
Based on this, I find it easier that the user itself changes the docker compose file directly

>   - Via Docker, by going into `coatrack/docker/docker-compose-deployment/docker-compose.yml`, and change the line that contains ```--spring.profiles.active=github``` to ```--spring.profiles.active=keyrock``` as shown in the screenshot below,

Author: I added then a link to the Build with docker section

    ![Activate KeyRock profile for Docker](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/RunKeyRockProfile.png)
  

> - Finally, When accessing `localhost:8080`, login via KeyRock authentication should be enabled.

Author: Done

## Use FIWARE Keyrock for Identity Management instead of Github
By default, CoatRack uses Github for identity management and login. As an alternative, you can set up CoatRack to use [Keyrock](https://keyrock-fiware.github.io/), which is the FIWARE enabler for Identity Management. In this case you have to set up Keyrock first and afterwards configure CoatRack to work with your Keyrock instance.
The example set-up explained below is based on the following assumptions: 

* Keyrock version 7.8.1 is deployed via Docker (image `fiware/idm:7.8.1`)
* Keyrock is accessible via `localhost:3000`
* CoatRack is accessible via `localhost:8080`

Based on this, in order to make CoatRack work with the FIWARE Keyrock, you will need to:

- At first you have to set-up/deploy your Keyrock instance. To do this, just follow the tutorial in https://fiware-idm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/index.html

> - Please check that Keyrock is running correctly in your local machine by checking if you can access the Keyrock GUI,

Reviewer: I'd replace the commas at the end of a bullet point by periods.

Author: Done

- If the Keyrock container is running and you can access the Keyrock GUI, then we need to start by registering CoatRack as application in Keyrock, to do this:
  - Create a new user account or log in with the account `admin@test.com`, which is created as the administrator account by default,
  ![KeyRock User Login](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockLandingPage.png)

>   - After login, go to the application and click in the register button,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - After login, go to the application and click the register button,
```

  ![KeyRock register application](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockRegisterApplication.png)

>   - Fill in all the fields in the registration form. The Callback URL must be `http:localhost:8080/login/aouth2/code/keyrock` as shown in the figure below. This is important because these values will be in the CoatRack configuration file later,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fill in all the fields of the registration form. The Callback URL must be `http:localhost:8080/login/aouth2/code/keyrock` as shown in the figure below. This is important because these values will be in the CoatRack configuration file later,
```

Author: Done

  ![KeyRock application form](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockApplicationFormFilled.png)

>   - With your application already created (Attention: only the Callback URL needs to be the same, so for example you can define the application name as you wish), the next step will be to add the credentials that are required for CoatRack to access Keyrock to the CoatRack config in the `application-keyrock.yml`.

Reviewer: Please, remove the brackets and make separate sentences instead. That would be easier to read.

Author: This was already done, as a suggestion to Gunnar's review

>   - With your application already created (Attention: only the Callback URL needs to be the same, so for example you can define the application name as you wish), the next step will be to add the credentials that are required for CoatRack to access Keyrock to the CoatRack config in the `application-keyrock.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - After that, (Attention: only the Callback URL needs to be the same, so for example you can define the application name as you wish), the next step will be to add the credentials that are required for CoatRack to access Keyrock to the CoatRack config in the `application-keyrock.yml`.
```

Author: I undestand your suggestions, however I think with the "With your application already created" sounds better, as the idea is to give a flow of the steps, as for me it gives an idea of the end of application registration process

Reviewer: The sentence was changed in the meantime, so this discussion is not relevant anymore.

Author: Ok @ChristophBaierATB, based on this I consider this thread resolved

>   In order to do this configuration, you will need the Oauth2 credentials, so go to the previously created application and click in OAuth2 Credentials, and you should see a ClientId and ClientSecret as shown in the screenshot,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In order to do this configuration, you will need the Oauth2 credentials, so go to the previously created application and click "OAuth2 Credentials". You should see a ClientId and ClientSecret as shown in the screenshot,
```

Author: Done

  ![KeyRock Oauth2 Credentials](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockOauth2Credentials.png)
  - After the Oauth2 credentials were obtained, please copy them and replace in the application-keyrock.yml, as marked in the figure below,
  ![KeyRock Oauth2 Credentials](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockConfig.png)
 
- Finally, you can now build and run CoatRack, this could be done in 2 ways:

>   - Via the CLI, so after building the jar file for coatrack admin, just run the command ```java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=keyrock spring-boot/admin/target/coatrack-admin-*.jar```,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Via the CLI, so after building the jar file for Coatrack `admin`, just run the command ```java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=keyrock spring-boot/admin/target/coatrack-admin-*.jar```,
```

Author: Done

With your terminal go into the `coatrack/docker` directory where you will find the script `build-and-deploy-images-locally.sh` which builds CoatRack from source, creates container images on your local machine and runs CoatRack locally using these images. This is especially useful for developers who did changes to the source code and want to locally test the impact of these changes in a realistic setup.

## Use FIWARE Keyrock for Identity Management instead of Github
By default, CoatRack uses Github for identity management and login. As an alternative, you can set up CoatRack to use [Keyrock](https://keyrock-fiware.github.io/), which is the FIWARE enabler for Identity Management. In this case you have to set up Keyrock first and afterwards configure CoatRack to work with your Keyrock instance.
The example set-up explained below is based on the following assumptions: 

* Keyrock version 7.8.1 is deployed via Docker (image `fiware/idm:7.8.1`)

> * Keyrock is accessible via `localhost:3000`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keyrock GUI is accessible via `localhost:3000`
```

> * CoatRack is accessible via `localhost:8080`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CoatRack GUI is accessible via `localhost:8080`
```

  ![KeyRock register application](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockRegisterApplication.png)
  - Fill in all the fields of the registration form. The Callback URL must be `http://localhost:8080/login/oauth2/code/keyrock` as shown in the figure below. This is important because these values will be in the CoatRack configuration file later.
  ![KeyRock application form](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockApplicationFormFilled.png)
  - In step 2, you can upload an image as application avatar for CoatRack.
  ![KeyRock application form add avatar](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockCreateApplicationAddAvatar.png)
  - In step 3 ("Manage Roles"), you can leave the predefined settings as they are, there will be no influence on CoatRack.
  ![KeyRock application form add roles](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockCreateApplicationAddRoles.png)
  - After registering CoatRack as application in Keyrock, the next step will be to configure CoatRack so that it can access Keyrock. Please use the `application-keyrock.yml` to do the configuration.

>   In order to do this configuration, you will need the Oauth2 credentials, so go to the previously created application and click in "OAuth2 Credentials". You should see a ClientId and ClientSecret as shown in the screenshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In order to do this configuration, you will need the OAuth2 credentials, so go to the previously created application and click in "OAuth2 Credentials". You should see a ClientId and ClientSecret as shown in the screenshot.
```

  ![KeyRock Oauth2 Credentials](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockOauth2Credentials.png)
  - After the Oauth2 credentials were obtained, please copy them and replace in the application-keyrock.yml, as marked in the figure below.
  ![KeyRock Oauth2 Credentials](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockConfig.png)
 
- Finally, you can now build and run CoatRack, this could be done in 2 ways:
  - Via the [CLI](#build-and-run-coatrack-locally-via-cli), so after building the jar file for CoatRack `admin` , just run the command ```java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=keyrock spring-boot/admin/target/coatrack-admin-*.jar```.

>   - Via [Docker](#build-and-run-coatrack-locally-via-docker-compose), by going into `coatrack/docker/docker-compose-deployment/docker-compose.yml`, and change the line that contains ```--spring.profiles.active=github``` to ```--spring.profiles.active=keyrock``` as shown in the screenshot below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Via [Docker](#build-and-run-coatrack-locally-via-docker-compose), by going into `coatrack/docker/docker-compose-deployment/docker-compose.yml`, and change the line that contains ```--spring.profiles.active=github``` to ```--spring.profiles.active=keyrock``` as shown in the screenshot below. Then, run the Docker Compose setup using the script provided.
```

    ![Activate KeyRock profile for Docker](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/RunKeyRockProfile.png)
  

> - Finally, When accessing CoatRack via `localhost:8080` and clicking the `Login` button, you should be redirected to KeyRock to sign-up/sign-in.

Reviewer: Typo "When"

Author: Done

## Use FIWARE Keyrock for Identity Management instead of Github
By default, CoatRack uses Github for identity management and login. As an alternative, you can set up CoatRack to use [Keyrock](https://keyrock-fiware.github.io/), which is the FIWARE enabler for Identity Management. In this case you have to set up Keyrock first and afterwards configure CoatRack to work with your Keyrock instance.
The example set-up explained below is based on the following assumptions: 

* Keyrock version 7.8.1 is deployed via Docker (image `fiware/idm:7.8.1`)
* Keyrock is accessible via `localhost:3000`
* CoatRack is accessible via `localhost:8080`

Based on this, in order to make CoatRack work with the FIWARE Keyrock, you will need to:

- At first you have to set-up/deploy your Keyrock instance. To do this, just follow the tutorial in https://fiware-idm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/index.html
- Please check that Keyrock is running correctly in your local machine by checking if you can access the Keyrock GUI,
- If the Keyrock container is running and you can access the Keyrock GUI, then we need to start by registering CoatRack as application in Keyrock, to do this:

>   - Create a new user account or log in with the account `admin@test.com`, which is created as the administrator account by default,

Reviewer 2: To be clarified: Can a normal user account register an application, or only admin? In any case, please remove the concrete user name `admin@test.com`, as this could change in the future.

Author: A normal user can register an application

Author: Done, so I removed the `admin@test.com`, and just rephrased it to "admin account"

  ![KeyRock User Login](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockLandingPage.png)

>   - After login, go to the application and click the register button,

Reviewer 2: "go to the application" sounds like there is _one_ application, however it seems that you mean the "Applications" section where several applications can be registered, right? Please rephrase.

Author: Yes, you are right, so I rephrase "application" to the "Applications section"

Author: Done

  ![KeyRock register application](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockRegisterApplication.png)
  - Fill in all the fields in the registration form. The Callback URL must be `http://localhost:8080/login/oauth2/code/keyrock` as shown in the figure below. This is important because these values will be in the CoatRack configuration file later,
  ![KeyRock application form](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockApplicationFormFilled.png)

>   - In the step 2, you can upload your own image, to be shown as the application image,

Author: Done

  ![KeyRock application form add avatar](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockCreateApplicationAddAvatar.png)

>   - In the step 3, you can define the roles in your application, as seen in the image below,

Author: Done

  ![KeyRock application form add roles](./spring-boot/admin/src/main/resources/static/images/keyrock/KeyRockCreateApplicationAddRoles.png)

>   - With your application already created, the next step will be to add the credentials that are required for CoatRack to access Keyrock to the CoatRack config in the `application-keyrock.yml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - After registering CoatRack as application in Keyrock, the next step will be to configure CoatRack so that it can access Keyrock.
```

Author: Done
